Horst Cremshaw and the rollercoaster tycoon were taking a meeting, walking around the flying island of Sky Syros, sitting on the benches, feeding the birds, petting the cats, admiring the sun.

"I spent three years of my life as an aid worker in Mcgillicuddystan," said Horst, "trying to supply food, water, and medical supplies to the Mcgillicuddystani."

"A noble en-devior," comment H. M. M. Digsxby, pre-brain-damage but who still talked funny in that way that rich people do.

"Around the middle of the second year," continued Horst, "it occurred to me that food, water, and medical supplies of the type we were supplying were not actually very expensive, and were getting cheaper every day. In fact, the main problem was not really affording and distributing the aforementioned, but, rather, the consistent and pointless interference of the local warlord, a man with far more soldiers than sense, though he had but few of the former. He was always ruining things for us for no reason, despite the fact that this didn't even benefit him in any way. At the end of the second year it occurred to me: we should just kill him."

"Oh!" said HMM.

"I spent much of the third year trying to subtly foment revolution against the warlord, whose name was Warlordicus. I dreamt[$ dreampt?] of a bloodless coup. The villagers seemed willing, but the platoon of troops in the command of Warlordicus would still be able to overpower them, and they were dead loyal to him. I needed outside military support. My attempts to solicit this, quite secretly, by post, were not successful. And thus I left the village to entreaty various great personages face-à-face.[$ an expression in the future, a blend of "face-to-face" and "tête-à-tête"]"

"And this brings you to me," concluded H. M. M. Digsxby, wisely.

"...Yes," said Horst, deciding out of tact not to emphasize too much all the previous steps of previous great personages that had been his previous choices in this process. "Unfortunately, Mcgillicuddystan is almost entirely devoid of economic or natural value. They have no great stores of, e.g., copper. They have no mines nor has anyone ever surmised that there might be anything worth mining there. Their cropland is poor and they will never do much better than subsistence farming. The place doesn't even look nice. So far, no one I've brought this too has thought it worth the meager profit to invade..."

"Mhm," mmhed H. M. M..

"But..." said Horst... "Haven't you always wanted to be... an *international* roller coaster tycoon?"

HMM's eyes glittered. "Yes..." he said, looking grandly into the distance at something that could not be seen, "Yes, that would do quite well..."
